GH-666: Single global embedded Kafka with JUnit 5 (#2308)
spring-projects/spring-kafka: spring-kafka-docs/src/main/asciidoc/testing.adoc

This could be a problem if, say, you run your tests in a Gradle daemon.
You should not use this technique in such a situation, or you should use something to call `destroy()` on the `EmbeddedKafkaBroker` when your tests are complete.

> Starting with version 3.0, the framework exposes a `GlobalEmbeddedKafkaTestExecutionListener` for JUnit Jupiter Platform, which is disabled by default.
> The purpose of this listener is to start one global `EmbeddedKafkaBroker` for the whole test plan and stop it in the end of plan.
> To enable this listener, and therefore have a single global embedded Kafka cluster for all the tests in the project, a `spring.kafka.global.embedded.enabled` property must be set to `true` via system properties or JUnit platform configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 3.0, the framework exposes a `GlobalEmbeddedKafkaTestExecutionListener` for the JUnit Jupiter Platform; it is disabled by default.
The purpose of this listener is to start one global `EmbeddedKafkaBroker` for the whole test plan and stop it at the end of the plan.
To enable this listener, and therefore have a single global embedded Kafka cluster for all the tests in the project, the `spring.kafka.global.embedded.enabled` property must be set to `true` via system properties or JUnit platform configuration.
```

Reviewer 2: It's actually for the "JUnit Platform" (a.k.a., JUnit 5).

It's not specific to JUnit Jupiter.

In addition, these properties can be provided:

- `spring.kafka.embedded.count` - the number of Kafka brokers to manage;

> - `spring.kafka.embedded.ports` - ports (comma-separated value) for every Kafka broker to start, `0` if random port is a preference; number of values must be equal to the `count` mentioned above;

Reviewer: ```sugestion
- `spring.kafka.embedded.ports` - ports (comma-separated value) for every Kafka broker to start, `0` if random port is a preferred; the number of values must be equal to the `count` mentioned above;
```

- `spring.kafka.embedded.topics` - topics (comma-separated value) to create in the started Kafka cluster;

> - `spring.kafka.embedded.partitions` - number of partitions to provision to the topics to create;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `spring.kafka.embedded.partitions` - number of partitions to provision for the created topics;
```

> - `spring.kafka.embedded.broker.properties.location` - the location to the file for addition Kafka broker configuration properties; must follow Spring resource abstraction pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `spring.kafka.embedded.broker.properties.location` - the location of the file for additional Kafka broker configuration properties; the value of this property must follow the Spring resource abstraction pattern.
```
